Q1). What is the difference between Procedural and Object oriented
programming?
ANS- OOPS                                                                           POP

       i)object oriented                                                   i) precedure oriented
       ii) execute bottom to top                                     ii) execute top to bottom
       iii) first data and then algorithm to operate      iii) first algorithm and then data is executed
           data
       iv)oops divide the proggram into smaller          iv) pop divides the proggram into small procedure or function
           object
        v) data hidding,encapsulation,inheritance        v) not possible.
             is possible
        


2. What were the problems with Procedural programming?
ANS-  some disadvantage of pop---
         i) program code is harder to write.
         ii) reuseability of code is not possible.
         iii) difficult to relate with real world object.
         iv) importance is given to procedure rather than object.


3. Define class?
ANS- Class is a logical entity with no physical existance.it just a blue print of object.


4. Define object?
ANS- Object is a physical entity with physical exixtance which required memory. In otherwords object must have some state,
         behavior and identity.


5. What is the difference between the class and object and give a real
world example of each.?
ANS-                       (example 1) class- vehicle       object-car,bus,bike 
         consider car is object then state must be its color,name,size,model no.  and its behaviour is mobility.
         
                                (example 2) class - animals        object - dog,cat,cow etc
           consider dog is object then its state may be name,breed,color  and beahvior is barking,sleeping,eating.


6. Out of class and object which has physical existence and which is
logical entity.
ANS- class has logical entity.
         object has phy. exixtence.


7. What do you mean by “state”, “behavior” and “identity” with respect of
Object?
ANS-  state   =        means attribute or characterstics of object or in otherwords we can say what actually object have is their state.
          behavior=   means its method or fuction of object or what object can do its says to be its behavior .
          identity=     means its uniqeness from others object.


9. What are “class members” in terms of class?
ANS-  All variables and method collectively known as class member.

10. What is a constructor?
ANS- It is a block of code similer to the method but dont have any return type explicitly.construtor name must be same as of class name.


11. What is the return type of constructor?
ANS-  constructor does not have any return type not even void.

12. What is a parameterized constructor?
ANS- : When we want to initialize the state of the object 
           while the object is getting created.we have to pass some argument or parameter in that constructor is called parameterized constructor
  

14. What is a default no argument constructor?
ANS- We get a free no-argument constructor only when our class has no other 
         constructors. neither no-argument (user define) nor parametrized


15. Is it true that a class gets no-argument constructor by default only
when there is no other parameterized constructor defined?
ANS- NO, because default construtor is created only when their is no other constructor  i.e user define and parametrise.


16. What is the meaning of “null”, what happens when a reference
variable points to “null”, i.e Employee employee = null.
ANS- it throw error "nullpointerexception"
        null means it does not refer to any object and it is reserve keyword .

17. What is a method, what is the return type and parameters of a
method? Take examples from the Employee class.
ANS-  Method is a block of code and execute only when it is called and return type is a value which java method return if nothing is return then it must be void.
          return type could be primitive(int,float,double,boolean,long) and non-primitive also(public String getName())

18. What do we mean by “void” return type. List all the methods that
return “void” in Employee class
ANS-  void return means "not returning any value".

      list-  public  void describe() {
		System.out.println("Employee [name=" + name + ", salary=" + salary + "]");
	}
19. Check all the “getter” methods in your Employee class and check
that all these have a “return” statement, list all the methods in
employee class that return some value.

ANS-  (i) public String getName()
{
return name;
}
        (ii) public int gethiredate(){
               return hiredate;
                 }

21. What is “this” keyword used for?
ANS- this key word is used in current class (method,constructor)-
         i) invoke current class constructor.
         ii) pass argument in method calling.


22. What are different access modifiers that can be applied to fields
and methods of a class?
ANS- 4 access modifires are private>default>protected>public.

23. Describe all the access modifiers.
ANS- Private:    The access level of a private modifier is only within the class. 

Default:    The access level of a default modifier is only within the package. It cannot be accessed from outside the package.
                 If you do not specify any access level, it will be the default.

Protected: The access level of a protected modifier is within the package and outside the package through 
                  child class. If you do not make the child class, it cannot be accessed from outside the package.

Public:      The access level of a public modifier is everywhere. 
                  It can be accessed from within the class, outside the class, within the package and outside the package.


24. What is the purpose of private methods?
ANS- It  is used for security purpose where we can hide our data from outside world.


25. Which access modifier would you use to protect your fields/data?
ANS- private modifier 


26. How do you identify classes and methods for a particular
        requirement? Take an example of a Banking System and identify all the classes that would be needed to build the system.
ANS-   class- current account
          method- deposit,withdraw

         class-  saving account
         method- deposit,withdraw, fixed deposit.

          class - bank
          object- customer name,acc number,types of account